---
layout: post
title: Multilingual Aerospace Translation Services  
author: Caterine Apruzzese
authorurl: /Caterine+Apruzzese
location: New York
summary: As the aerospace industry continues to pump up the economy, creating more market opportunities worldwide, the demand for technical specific translations continues to rise.
Category:
 - onaquest, engineering translations, Technical translations 



---

Aerospace is a widely diverse field and a multi-billion dollar business industry. The "Aerospace Industry Forecast to 2013" report, estimates that by the end of 2027, the world’s airlines will take delivery of 29,400 civil airplanes with total value of US$ 3.2 trillion to keep pace with the growing demand for air travelling. Despite the lingering effects of the global economic downturn, the industry continues to represent one of the largest manufacturing industries in terms of people employed and value of output. 
 
The US aerospace industry is internationally competitive and represents the biggest aerospace market, followed by EU, Canada and Japan. However, developing economies such as China, India, Mexico and Brazil are expected to emerge as big marketplace for aerospace products. 

Technical translation plays a very important role in aerospace industry as there are many documents that need to be translated such as electronic database files, training and user manuals, marketing brochures and official aerospace documents. It is of utmost importance that translation companies provide high quality translation services as any error or ambiguity in the translation could result in severe consequences for the industry.